categories/puzzle packs: 
Lord of the rings
The Beatles songs
Sci-fi
Star wars
Criterion films
Shakespeare
80s songs


on the bottom of the screen display the current order of the phrase based on the position of the words. It updates when users move the words around.
There is also a submit button so users will be able to read their completed phrase and ensure it's right before they hit submit.

BTW, I think this game might be pretty easy so I think we make them go for 100% completion and score based on time, add time penalty for wrong submission.

Divide it into lines where it goes left to right unless you put a word on a new line 
and lines are defined as like starting below the bottom of the topmost word on the above line

local order correct - turns yellow. i.e. if a word to the right or left of a word is correct then both of those get highlighted. a string in between them perhaps.

pulse for lock animation. is pulse a buult in effect? or do we just use scale?


make the end CELEBRATION more exciting - also for the slow people or tired (me)give them a word aleady or hint the fast ones don't need it 

Problem with local highlighting, 'with a busted face I arrive like a fairy' VS 'I arrive like a fairy with a busted face' one of them gets 
highlighted all yellow so it like seems like it's in the right order, but there is a break. Problem due to both bwords being highlighted when local order is correct.

BADGES: if the words are too thin the badges don't work. Also if the the badge is too wide I think on a small word, then it get's displayed like vertically. 
Also badges don't persist after moving.

ARROWS: arrows are a little weird with repeated words but I don't know if this is really fixable. Not a pressing issue.

CELEBRATION: needs info on the quote. Author and year ( or century?) if possible. Building actual dataset of quotes tied to this info is a big task.

change bottom away from timer and into number of guesses.

Hard mode - no punctuation? Extremely hard mode - no punctuation no feedback or no feedback except green? or just no feedback but yes punctuation?

NYT games have the thing where they tell you like how you did after so you can report it. E.g. the crossword is timed, connections gives you the colors of your guesses.
This should have something like that. I think limiting both guesses and time is a way to do it. Yeah I think time is good. But, that sorta forces you to spam guesses
to get a quick time. oooh, what if hints are what provide feedback and guesses are just guesses. So hints tell you when things are in the right order, submit just submits.
So you actually have unlimited guesses but it does track it and then you get your like, solved in 5:20, 3 hints, 2 guesses'

public domain books:

    Jane Austen: Pride and Prejudice
    Henri Bergson: Laughter: An Essay on the Meaning of Comic
    Charles Dickens: A Christmas Carol
    Fyodor Dostoyevsky: Notes from the Underground
    Horace: The Works of Horace
    James Joyce: Ulysses
    Franz Kafka: Metamorphosis
    Marcel Proust: Remembrance of Things Past: Swann’s Way
    Oscar Wilde: The Picture of Dorian Gray

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022_in_public_domain

editing for test